---
layout: post
title: '09-f9-11-02-9d-74-e3-5b-d8-41-56-c5-63-56-88-c0'
tags:
---


                <p>Kevin Rose, founder of <a href="http://digg.com">digg.com</a> <a href="http://blog.digg.com/?p=74">wrote</a></p>
<blockquote>Today was an insane day. And as the founder of Digg, I just wanted to post my thoughts…
In building and shaping the site I’ve always tried to stay as hands on as possible. We’ve always given site moderation (digging/burying) power to the community. Occasionally we step in to remove stories that violate our terms of use (eg. linking to pornography, illegal downloads, racial hate sites, etc.). So today was a difficult day for us. We had to decide whether to remove stories containing a single code based on a cease and desist declaration. We had to make a call, and in our desire to avoid a scenario where Digg would be interrupted or shut down, we decided to comply and remove the stories with the code.
But now, after seeing hundreds of stories and reading thousands of comments, you’ve made it clear. You’d rather see Digg go down fighting than bow down to a bigger company. We hear you, and effective immediately we won’t delete stories or comments containing the code and will deal with whatever the consequences might be.
If we lose, then what the hell, at least we died trying.
Digg on,
Kevin </blockquote>
<p>What is it all about? It is about the HD DVD decryption key that was leaked weeks ago, and has been posted on various sites and forums on the web, that than have been digged. And I wasn't the least bit surprised that there's already an encryption key <a href="http://media.putfile.com/The-HD-Key-Song">song</a> and a <a href="http://media.putfile.com/The-HD-Key-Song">frog video</a></p>
<p>The fuss about the key is so amazing, showing that we, the people, still have power to change something :-) And to give the MPAA a big ol' <strong>fuck you</strong> :-)</p>
<p>Spread the <span style="text-decoration: line-through;">word</span> key!</p>
