---
layout: post
title: 'Maze Talks About: Mac OS X Snow Leopard'
tags:
---


                <p>Snow Leopard arrived today. And here are my two cents about installing it on 4 different machines:</p>
<p><strong>MacBook Air 1,1 | 1.6 GHz Core 2 Duo | 2GB RAM | 80GB HDD</strong></p>
<p>Install took about 30 Minutes, everything works like a charm. Shutdown takes about 2 (two) seconds which is extremely fast, startup time is about 50 secs, which is a bit faster than under Leopard.</p>
<p><strong>MacBook Pro 5,1 | 2.4 GHz Core 2 Duo | 4GB RAM | 500GB HDD</strong></p>
<p>Install took about 30 minutes as well, and to be honest I had some problems after first time booting into Snow Leopard:</p>
<ul>
    <li>coreaudiod consumed all free RAM at once making it impossible to work. Simple solution: open up Activity Monitor, kill the process, open up a Terminal, and type
<pre>sudo rm /System/Library/LaunchDaemons/coreaudiod.plist</pre>
after that reboot. More information can be found at the <a href="http://discussions.apple.com/thread.jspa?threadID=2132394&amp;tstart=0">Apple support forums</a>.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Mac mini 1,1 | 1.83GHz Core Duo | 2GB RAM | 60 GB HDD &amp; MacBook 5,1 | 2.0GHz Core 2 Duo | 2GB RAM | 160GB HDD
</strong></p>
<p>Installation took about 50 minutes on the Mac mini - it's not the fastest machine Apple has ever built - and about 30 minutes on the MacBook, but it's a neat media server.</p>
<p>Everything works like a charm too.</p>
<p><strong>Incompatible Software and Workarounds</strong></p>
<p>An almost complete list can be found at <a href="snowleopard.wikidot.com">snowleopard.wikidot.com</a>. Here is a list of apps that work with Snow Leopard (at least with m Macs):</p>
<p><strong> </strong>[TABLE=3]</p>
<p><strong>Exchange Sync</strong></p>
<p>Works absolutely flawless in Mail, iCal and Address Book, and is the one feature that made me buy 10.6 in the first place - Multiple address books and calendars be gone! You can now sync your Google Calendar with iCal too.</p>
<p><strong>Dock Exposé</strong></p>
<p>Nice to have. Enough said.</p>
<p><strong>QuickTime X</strong></p>
<p>Okay, but I often need to concatenate movie files and save it as one file which works with QuickTime 7 but not with X. Luckily Snow Leopard offers you to install QuickTime 7 as well, which can be found in /Applications/Utilites.</p>
<p><strong>Screen Sharing</strong></p>
<p>Is now executing keyboard shortcuts on the remote machine instead of the connecting one.</p>
<p><strong>Anything else?</strong></p>
<p>No, not really as far as I'm concerned.</p>
<p><strong>Should I buy it?</strong></p>
<p>Yeah why not ;-)</p>
