---
layout: post
title: All About Andi
tag: 
---


                <p>And here it is: <em>fanfare</em> The All About Andi post, a post all about Andi :-)
I first met Andi back in 2004, when we and some false friends met every week to play billard in Neunkirchen. We soon recognized that we've lot in common. We're both into cars, ass and everything else that is important for 23yr old male :-) Since then I found a very good friend in him, we meet a lot and laugh with - and about each other. A friend until death so to say. </p>
<p>This summer we joined together for a nice one week vacation in Tuscany (along with our girlfriends Margit and Sandra), for culinary delightfulness, Italian shirts, a good tan and to test Italian highhways to their limits, especially to find out that Italian tunnels have much better acoustics than Austrian ones.</p>
<p>Andi is the reason why I got to know the Maredo Steak House.</p>
<p>Andi works for the Austrian Judiciary Service, and so to say helps that the bad guys get the treatment they deserve, drives a neat Honda Civic, wears shirts with 'PIMP - Still A Playa', 'Don't Eat The Yellow Snow' and 'Parental Advisory Explicit Lyrics' imprints, owns a rudder engine for workout, loves to play Battlefield 2, doesn't eat fish (except fish fingers) and everything else that still has a face when served.
He gets hiccups when drinking Pepsi, and loves Steaks, and vegetarians aren't his first choice.</p>
<blockquote>Vegetarians eat the food of my food away</blockquote>
<p>He knows all about the penal code, and how to kill someone within 3 seconds. He hates Sarah Jessica Parker and German soap operas.</p>
<blockquote>I hope Gerner kills them all.</blockquote>
<p>He likes to watch Bud Spencer &amp; Terence Hill movies, can imitate the sound of Bud Spencer punchinig someone right in the neck, and how a car sounds while drifting.
He knows how to play miniature golf and bowling more than anyone else - he always leads the score boards.
Andi is the kind of guy you have to battle with, and although you give all your best he is the winner.</p>
<blockquote>I'm always giving 22 percent and that's enough.</blockquote>
<p>Andi is not the biggest fan of musicals, but has the munchies for Chuck Norris movies. A perfect Andi-four-course-menu consists of steak, steak, steak and a banana split.</p>
<blockquote>Steak is staple food.</blockquote>
<div style="text-align: center;"><strong>He's a friend money can't buy!</strong></div>
<blockquote>BDP - Eight Inch Rules!</blockquote>
            
