---
layout: post
title: When ISPs Concede
tag: 
---


                <p>The company that provides me with broadband internet connectivity is <a href="http://www.upc.at">UPC</a>. Some time ago I happened to <a href="http://mazedlx.net/index.php/2006/04/07/customer-no-300000/">be customer no. 300.000</a>. And they had a fair-use policy that sucked. And I stood up against them to fight. And I was beaten. To be honest, fair-use policy in their eyes means that you shall not cause traffic which has an impact on other customers of UPC (10GB that is). And I spurned the fair-use policy. </p>
<!--more-->
<p>Until that one day, when my ISP wrote me an email telling me that I'll have to upgrade my account or they'll cancel my contract. So I did retreat. I paid twenty bucks more per month, but the fair use policy wasn't out of sight. And soon enough they wrote me another mail telling me to upgrade once again. Funnily enough they told me to upgrade once again to Chello Plus, and I replied that I've already done that. What I didn't see at first was that the 'new' Chello Plus had a 10GB hard limit, so I ignored the mails. </p>
<p>In the meantime, UPC snapped up Inode, another ISP, that offered flatrate broadband for a very cheap price. Last week UPC took over the marketing strategy of Inode ('Wir sind die Guten', meaning we're the good ones). And UPC releases a press information telling their customers that they're now offering allmost all their products without fair-use policy.</p>
<blockquote>Unlimited Access</blockquote>
<p>Well 'unlimited' means that they're not bothering about the traffic you cause, but they're reserving their right to define what 'unlimited' means. A small victory for me. And causing almost 40GB traffic within 1 week seems okay to me. What perplexes me a bit is that UPC gave out a press information some time ago, where they stated that 0.3% of their customers are to blame for network errors, slow connection speeds and the like. Well. 0.3% of 300.000 customers are exactly 900 users. 900(!) people in Austria cause so much traffic 299.100 other users aren't able to surf the web, check their mails and chat with friends? Oh, for sure. A small victory at least :-)</p>
            
