---
layout: post
title: 'Maze Talks About: Vista On A MacBook (1)'
tag: 
---


                <p>First things first: The only reason I install Windows on Apple hardware is to play CounterStrike and Battlefield 2. No more, no less.</p>
<p>All started a few days ago when I first showed my MacBook at work. A colleague of mine who is a Microsoft fanboy - in a positive way - asked me if I'm planning to install Windows. First I said, that XP is not exactly what I'm looking for in an OS, and that I would like to install Vista for testing, making hands-on experience as our company will migrate to Vista in the near future) and to play CS:Source and BF2 again. Yesterday he offered me a Vista DVD and asked me</p>
<blockquote>Does the MacBook have a FireWire port?</blockquote>
<p>Yes it does.</p>
<blockquote>Then you'll need to install Vista Ultimate.</blockquote>
<p>WTF? I would love to know what the boys at Redmond were thinking when they decided not to support a FireWire port with the other versions. WTF.</p>
<p>So later that day I fired up the Boot Camp Assistant, created a 32GB partition, inserted the Vista DVD and clicked the install button. A few <span style="text-decoration: line-through;">hours</span> minutes later, after formatting the new partition with NTFS, waiting for all files to be copied, several reboots, filling out some information (e.g. computer name, username, password, user avatar) Vista was up and running. The first thing I managed to do was to setup the wireless internet connection, and to install the Steam client. I tried to install all Vista updates and CS:Source but the clock told me that it's already way after bedtime, I'll finish that today.</p>
<p><strong>The positive things in Vista so far:</strong></p>
<p><span class="note">It looks nice</span></p>
<p>I may sound like a douche bag, but when you're working with computers and sit in front of them all day you need to look at something sexy, a Jessica Alba wallpaper, even in Full HD won't do the job.</p>
<p><span class="note">Aero</span></p>
<p>3D flipping, transparency, floating windows, all that soothes even the savage beast.</p>
<p><span class="note">Security</span></p>
<p>A root password is the right thing to have.</p>
<p><span class="note">Performance</span></p>
<p>Booting is much faster than it could possibly ever be with XP.</p>
<p><strong>The negative things in Vista so far:</strong></p>
<p><span class="important">It looks not that good</span></p>
<p>Why do windows change their border color when maximized?</p>
<p><span class="important">Aero</span></p>
<p>How can it be possible that you can flip windows around with a 64MB shared memory graphics card on Mac OS X, but in Vista you'll need at least 256MB?</p>
<p><span class="important">Security</span></p>
<p>It is annoying, to get asked for permissions four (!) times when installing the Flash plugin for IE7.0.</p>
<p><span class="important">Performance</span></p>
<p>Why does it take so long just to shutdown? Normally an OS would tell all running processes to go fuck themselves,and then power off. Vista seems to prefer negotiation. Reminds me of XP when pressing the power button, and some application refuses to close itself, then it would me inform about not being able to shutdown. You're the OS not me, you can kill processes and I need to catch my train.</p>
<p>I'll post more information the following days.</p>
            
