---
layout: post
title: The London Post
tag: 
---


                <p>We started off to London last Friday. And so did a series of funny, interesting and unlucky events:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Alex's car broke down a few kilometres from home. He called the boyfriend of his sister to pick us up. René and myself were taken back to my place to get my car. We then drove back to the breakdown site, packed the bags in the new car and went on to Bratislava.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>When we arrived in Bratislava we were told that our flight got delayed from 6:45 pm to 1:25 am the next morning. Sandra looked angry and the departure time got changed to 11:30 pm.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We arrived at 0:30 am local time in London-Luton and had to take the bus to the city where shitfaced Indo-Brit annoyed us with his intellctually challenging statements. When he reached for  Sandra I told him to &quot;cut it out or I'll punch you right in the face&quot;. He than started babbling something about &quot;them Europeans&quot;. He also wanted a copy of René's city map.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>When we arrived at the hotel, there was some drunk guy resting on the lobby floor. His friend snacked a Mars and took a photo of him. What a nice guy.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>I got stung the following afternoon by a wasp down at London Eye.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We walked through Hyde Park several times thanks to René who always answered with &quot;up ahead and then left&quot; when asked where we had to go.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Female police officers who guard Buckingham Palace wear a hat and an MP5.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Every second store in London is a Starbucks.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We had our worst dinner at a chinese buffet ever thanks to René.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>After that we ate exclusively at Subways or McDonalds.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>While waiting for a bus to the hotel on Saturday evening a Lincoln stretch limousine pulled up right in front of us. A bum came out of nowhere pushed René aside while yelling &quot;excuse me, that's my car!&quot;. He then laughed into an open car window and said &quot;hi there!&quot;. After that he walked to me and asked me for some money because of his situation. I gave him 2 quid and told him not to spend everything at once. He replied with &quot;thanks mate. I'm heading to the filling station for some petrol.&quot;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We do now know where World's End is: in Chelsea and you can get there by bus.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We've seen more Aston Martins, Ferraris, Porsches, Lamborghinis, Bentleys and TVRs in the last to two days than in the last two years.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Starbucks are everywhere.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>I was not the only one who had the brilliant &quot;lets make a picture that looks like the Beatles cover from &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>There are almost no public benches or rubbish bins in London.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You can get everywhere anytime by bus or tube. And you don't have to be a quantum physicist to understand the schedule.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>René is the perfect local guide for London.</p>
</li>
<li>You can't buy a beer in a pub after 11 pm. That sucks.</li>
</ol>
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7RaopLfLjTo&amp;feature=player_profilepage" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
            
