---
layout: post
title: The Facebook Movie
tag: 
---


                <p>Another flick the world has waited for:</p>
<blockquote>The film will focus on the evolution of Facebook from its 2004 creation on the Harvard dorm where Mark Zuckerberg - reportedly to be played by either Michael Cera or Shia LeBouef - and his roommates created the immensely-popular social networking website with more than 200 million members.
Rumors circulating about the plot of Mezrich's upcoming book suggest that Zuckerberg will be portrayed in a negative light. However, Facebook reportedly isn't too pleased about the book's debut. Officials from the social networking giant have refused to comment publicly about the book, and have warned employees not to speak to anyone connected to the film's development.
Here's the summary of Mezrich's latest book "The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius and Betrayal":
Eduardo Saverin and Mark Zuckerberg were Harvard undergraduates and best friends–outsiders at a school filled with polished prep-school grads and long-time legacies. They shared both academic brilliance in math and a geeky awkwardness with women.
What followed–a real-life adventure filled with slick venture capitalists, stunning women, and six-foot-five-inch identical-twin Olympic rowers–makes for one of the most entertaining and compelling books of the year. Before long, Eduardo's and Mark's different ideas about Facebook created in their relationship faint cracks, which soon spiraled into out-and-out warfare. The collegiate exuberance that marked their collaboration fell prey to the adult world of lawyers and money. The great irony is that while Facebook succeeded by bringing people together, its very success tore two best friends apart.
Producers Scott Rudin, Michael De Luca with Trigger Street's Kevin Spacey and Dana Brunetti are aiming to start production in early 2010.
"The Accidental Billionaires" is the perfect pairing of author and subject," Spacey said. "It's pure summer fun - a juicy, fast-paced, unputdownable Mezrich tale that adds to his canon of lad lit."</blockquote>
<p>(via <a href="http://www.filmofilia.com/2009/06/24/david-fincher-to-direct-facebook-movie/">filmofilia.com</a>)</p>
            
